Hi, Israq21 here
Today, I will recap a movie called You Get Me
You Get Me is a 2017 American thriller film about an obsessed rich girl with a young poor boy,
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story
The movie begins by showing a handsome man named, Tyler,
Tyler is a high school student who is currently in a romantic relationship with a beautiful woman named, Alison
Since dating Alison, Tyler's life has become more colorful.
But Tyler has never asked Alison to meet her parents because Tyler's parents are very busy.
usually Tyler is only accompanied by his younger sister named Tiffany
Tyler works as a waitress at a cafe located on the beach.
Tyler and Alison have close friends named Gil and Lidya.
the four of them are inseparable friends.
They even often hang out together at the cafe where Tyler works.
One night,
Tyler, Alison and Gil plan to go to a party.
Arriving at the party, Alison accidentally meet her old friend in San Francisco, named Chase,
and Alison quickly introduce Chase to Tyler.
when Tyler and Chase are alone.
Chase reveals that Alison is an unrighteous woman who only likes to drink and sleep with a lot of men.
Tyler who heard this could only be silent.
Since dating,
Alison has never told her about her past.
As a result Tyler is angry with Alison.
that night they immediately had a big fight and in the end Alison immediately ended their relationship there.
Disappointed with Alison's behavior,
Tyler finally decided to leave the party.
out there Tyler accidentally met a beautiful and super rich girl named Holly.
Holly immediately took Tyler around in the luxury car he was carrying.
there Tyler began to tell him that he had broken up with his girlfriend.
Holly who knew this immediately comforted her and Tyler became a little calmer.
After walking around for a long time, Holy finally brought Tyler to his luxurious house.
The next morning, Tyler wake up and begin to meet with Holly in the living room.
Holly also begin to tell stories about her family where her father had died long ago and left a lot of wealth while her stepmother often traveled,
so Holly always feel lonely every day.
after telling a lot, Tyler also told a little about his life story.
Holly immediately invited Tyler to have fun in the very spacious mansion.
After a long time of having fun, it didn't feel like night had arrived and they had only met all day.
Holly immediately ordered Tyler to make love with her.
because Tyler was tempted by Holly's beauty, Tyler finally want to sleep with holly, they are making love together.
After being satisfied, Tyler realized that he had to go home because his own sister is alone in his home.
when he got home,
his mother actually called several times and also Alison who texted him several times.
it can be seen from the message that Alison wants to invite Tyler to meet at Alison's house in the next morning
in morning,
Tyler immediately rush to Alison's house.
in there Alison apologized for her behavior last night, as well as Tyler who immediately apologized.
Alison also recounted when she lived in San Francisco where the association there tended to deviate and very bad.
because of the bad association of her friends in San Francisco, Alison also joined in.
that's why Alison and her family moved here,
hoping there would be no more such association.
After forgiving,
they also promise not to hide secrets from each other.
However, Tyler immediately remember that he had just had slept together with Holly.
but here Tyler is scared and ends up hiding the secret from Alison.
the next day,
at school there is a new student who enters Tyler's class, and it turns out to be Holly.
Holly says that her stepmother will stay here forever to take care of Holly,
Holly's stepmother tells Holly to go to school that's why Holly and Tyler meet in the same class.
After class ended,
Tyler, Alison, Gil, and Lidya start to gather in the cafeteria,
but suddenly Holly comes and introduces herself to the four of them.
Holly hopes to be their best friend too.
After gathering,
Tyler immediately sends a message to Holly to meet on the stairs near the elevator after school.
when Holly met Tyler, Tyler tried to break up with Holly and said it was just a mistake. But it seems Holly is already in love with Tyler.
The next day,
Alison and Holly decide to go to Tyler's workplace.
there Holly shows a photo of a man whose face is invisible.
Tyler who saw this was afraid that Holly would talk about their relationship,
but here Holly didn't want to tell who the man was.
Holly and Alison are getting closer day by day,
even Holly often goes to Alison's house to chat,
Alison says that she has never slept with Tyler,
wow, that's a pity because Holly was the one who slept with Tyler first.
at that time,
Holly was staying at Alison's house,
via texting, Tyler wanted to tell her about his affair with Holly,
but when he found out that Holly was staying at Alison's house.
in the end, Tyler decided not to tell the secret
While Alison is sleeping,
Holly secretly takes some of Alison's belongings and also a photo of Tyler with Alison,
The next day,
Holly even came to Tyler's house,
Holly teases Tyler but Tyler seems to refuse.
some time passed, Lidya began to be suspicious of Holly who did not have social media.
according to lidya,
In today's world, everyone must have a social media account,
but oddly,
Holly doesn't have one.
Holly accidentally overheard the conversation
and because she felt threatened,
she finally planned to poison Lidya.
On the other hand,
Tyler saw Holly's stepmother talking to one of the teachers and then Tyler introduced himself to Holly's mother.
Holly's mother revealed that Holly had a mental disorder,
so Holly was required to take drugs and special therapy.
After that,
Tyler thinks maybe Holly is a dangerous person who will destroy his relationship with Alison
while Alison and Lydia were resting in the cafeteria,
Holly brought their favorite drink,
but after lydia drank the drink suddenly Lidya had an extreme allergic reaction, so she had to be taken to the hospital.
Alison goes straight to the hospital to accompany Lydia while Tyler suspects that the drink given by Holly has been mixed with poison.
some time passed, as it was after school time,
Alison told Tyler that Holly was pregnant.
Tyler who heard this did not believe it because he was afraid that the child was the result of their previous relationship.
As a good friend,
Alison decided to accompany Holly through her difficult times.
while at Holly's house,
Holly begins to share her frustration with the man who got her pregnant who has no sense of responsibility at all.
Holly is also envious of Alison's smooth relationship.
The next day,
Tyler was very surprised when Holly came to his house and played with his little sister.
Tyler quickly took him out by force,
where Tyler start pushing Holly and telling Holly to get away from him.
that night,
Holly comes to her best friend Alison's house,
then Holly begins to tell Alison everything that Holly actually has a relationship with Tyler
the photo seen from before is a photo of Tyler,
because Holly is pregnant Tyler deliberately pushes himself to make her hurt.
the same night,
tyler starts visiting lydia, Tyler says that he is suspicious of Holly because Holly may have put something in lydia's drink earlier.
after saying that,
he immediately vented about himself having a relationship with Holly but Tyler promised to solve this problem.
Tyler immediately text Alison to meet at the beach.
The next day,
the two of them start to meet.
it looks like Alison was very upset with Tyler because Tyler had a one-night stand with Holly but he kept it a secret.
Tyler tries to explain everything to Alison but she just ignores him.
Well,
because Alison was disappointed,
she finally told Tyler not to call her again.
The next day,
when he entered the class, suddenly Tyler was called by the teacher.
The teacher said that there was a student who accused Tyler of violence,
the student was named Elizabeth Holly Viola.
Holly has shown evidence of her injuries that she was abused by Tyler.
As a result,
Tyler was suspended from school for a few days.
when Tyler found out the real name of the crazy girl, Elizabeth Holly Viola,
he immediately searched for it on google.
Tyler was very surprised because he found an article that said that Holly or Elizabeth had attacked other students,
as a result Elizabeth was put in a mental hospital for a while,
that's one of the reasons why when Lidya searched for Holly Viola's identity on the internet she didn't find it at all,
because it turns out that Holly's real name is Elizabeth.
Now,
Tyler knows that Elizabeth is very dangerous.
at night,
Elizabeth secretly breaks into Alison's house,
Elizabeth plans to steal Alison and lock her up in Elizabeth's mansion
Elizabeth immediately sent a photo of the unconscious Alison to Tyler.
then Tyler immediately rushed to Elizabeth's house to save Alison.
But before that,
he messaged Gil to help him save Alison by sending Elizabeth's home address.
after sending a message to Gil,
Tyler immediately went to Elizabeth's house.
on the other hand,
Alison wakes up and sees herself tied to a chair.
Elizabeth also starts telling Alison that she is not pregnant,
she deliberately tricked Elison into feeling very disappointed with Tyler.
Elison feels sorry that he didn't hear all that Tyler said that Holly was very dangerous.
then Elizabeth's stepmother suddenly came,
and saw Alison tied up.
Elizabeth's stepmother tried to save her
but from behind,
Elizabeth immediately wrapped her in plastic so that it made her stepmother die.
when Tyler arrived at Elizabeth's house,
Tyler immediately took a sharp weapon just in case.
then Tyler accidentally saw Alison tied to the ceiling.
quickly Tyler immediately saved Alison and ran away from that place.
but Elizabeth doesn't seem to let them escape.
Elizabeth immediately pointed a gun at them both.
Tyler apologized to Elizabeth for his behavior.
Suddenly Gil came and surprised Elizabeth so she immediately shot Tyler.
Alison quickly took the sharp object that Tyler had brought and stabbed it into Elizabeth.
Tyler who was dying in his heart said, love is blind, love can destroy you, anything you can do because of love.
I am lucky to be with Alison and survive this tragedy.
After that,
it looks like a crazy Elizabeth managed to survive and seduce the officer.
Then it all ended happily where Tyler and Alison were celebrating his sister's birthday
And the movie is
over
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video